Add docs for embedding type libraries into the COM host. (#23810)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/native-interop/expose-components-to-com.md

The resulting output will now also have a `ProjectName.X.manifest` file. This file is the side-by-side manifest for use with Registry-Free COM.

## Embedding Type Libraries in the COM host

> Unlike in .NET Framework, there is no support in .NET Core or .NET 5 or newer for generating a COM Type Library (TLB) from a .NET Core assembly. The guidance is to either manually write an IDL file or a C/C++ header for the native declarations of the COM interfaces. If you decide to write an IDL file, you can compile it with the Visual C++ SDK's MIDL compiler to produce a TLB.

Reviewer: Let's also include links and guidance/example on how to update the SxS manifest.

Author: What changes need to be made to the SxS manifest to look up the tlb correctly? I personally don't actually know what's needed.

Reviewer: https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/win32/sbscs/assembly-manifests

> The typelib element has the attributes shown in the following table.

Reviewer 2: Do we also have a link for `COM Type Library (TLB)`?

Reviewer 2: Also, `.NET Core assembly` -> `.NET assembly`?

Author: For the SxS manifest changes, we decided to include this in an additional PR.

> In .NET 6 Preview 5 or newer, the .NET SDK supports embedding already-compiled TLBs into the COM host as part of your project build.

Reviewer 2: It is only the .NET SDK that needs to be .NET 6 Preview 5 or newer, right? i.e. using a .NET 6 SDK to build a COM component targeting .NET 5 (or .NET Core 3.1) will be able to embed TLBs in the older comhost?

> To embed a type library into your application, you follow these steps:

Reviewer: ~~you follow~~ -> follow

Author: ```suggestion
To embed a type library into your application, follow these steps:
```

> 1. Open the `.csproj` project file and add `<ComHostTypeLibrary Include="path/to/typelib.tlb" Id="<id>" />` inside an `<ItemGroup></ItemGroup>` tag.

Reviewer 2: Might be nice to just have a code block with this instead of saying to put it in an ItemGroup.

The resulting output will now also have a `ProjectName.X.manifest` file. This file is the side-by-side manifest for use with Registry-Free COM.

## Embedding Type Libraries in the COM host

> Unlike in .NET Framework, there is no support in .NET Core or .NET 5 or newer for generating a [COM Type Library (TLB)](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/win32/midl/com-dcom-and-type-libraries#type-library) from a .NET assembly. The guidance is to either manually write an IDL file or a C/C++ header for the native declarations of the COM interfaces. If you decide to write an IDL file, you can compile it with the Visual C++ SDK's MIDL compiler to produce a TLB.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Unlike in .NET Framework, there is no support in .NET Core or .NET 5+ for generating a [COM Type Library (TLB)](/windows/win32/midl/com-dcom-and-type-libraries#type-library) from a .NET assembly. The guidance is to either manually write an IDL file or a C/C++ header for the native declarations of the COM interfaces. If you decide to write an IDL file, you can compile it with the Visual C++ SDK's MIDL compiler to produce a TLB.
```

> In the .NET 6 Preview 5 or newer SDK, the .NET SDK supports embedding already-compiled TLBs into the COM host as part of your project build.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In .NET 6 Preview 5 and later versions, the .NET SDK supports embedding already-compiled TLBs into the COM host as part of your project build.
```
